README.md, before:

# Raccoongang's django application template
This Django application template includes all following functional:
* Authorization using email with confirmation or social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Odnoklassniki, Vkontakte)
* Authorization using email or social networks
* Password recovering
* Profile editor
* Email changing
* Password changing

# Instruction
Go to you project folder
Create virtualenv for you project and activate it:
```sh
virtualenv --no-site-packages .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```
Install Django
```sh
pip install Django
```
Create new application using this template. Dont forget to change  `<project_name>` at the end of this command
```sh
django-admin startproject --template=https://github.com/raccoongang/django_project_templates/archive/master.zip <project_name>
```
Install all libraries from requirements
```sh
cd <project_name>
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Uncomment settings.local.py on .gitignore.

Follow this instruction for getting social network's access keys:
http://adw0rd.com/2013/2/27/django-social-auth/

Commit message:

chore: improve requirements structure
Changes:
- add requeirements.txt that inherits from from requirements/prod.txt

README.md, after:

# Raccoongang's django application template
This Django application template includes all following functional:
* Authorization using email with confirmation or social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, Odnoklassniki, Vkontakte)
* Authorization using email or social networks
* Password recovering
* Profile editor
* Email changing
* Password changing

# Instruction
Go to you project folder
Create virtualenv for you project and activate it:
```sh
virtualenv --no-site-packages .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```
Install Django
```sh
pip install Django
```
Create new application using this template. Don't forget to change  `<project_name>` at the end of this command
```sh
django-admin startproject --template=https://github.com/raccoongang/django_project_templates/archive/master.zip <project_name>
```
Install all libraries from requirements
```sh
cd <project_name>
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Uncomment settings.local.py on .gitignore.

Follow this instruction for getting social network's access keys:
http://adw0rd.com/2013/2/27/django-social-auth/


Added paver file, added django-bower application to simply install JS requirements.
Described JS requirements in settings.py.
Settings.py changed to be a package, not simple file. So now we can create different settings.
Did some changes in templates (include files js and css from bower installed packages).
Changed requirements - now we have different req files like paver, production, tests so on...

I use this command to deploy and run project:

`django-admin startproject --template=/Projects/django_project_templates/ my_pro`

`cd my_pro; python manage.py migrate`

`python manage.py bower install`

`python manage.py collectstatic --noinput -c`

`python manage.py runserver`
